but today we are here January 17 the day
of my birthday with the company my
compadre luis mateus taking me a
tasty coffee with my parents
uriel martínez so long without speaking and
that fulfill them happy very happy
uriel martínez with the heart ay was my
accordionist my compadrito and I take it
I have it in my heart that you fulfill them
happy the skin or again meet a
good coffee if your skin that which is going to
fulfill thanks to you
they also told me that you were singing
very nice in some presentations the
I've seen out there on YouTube you can not
It shows that we say when you grow up
I want you to always be by my side
to teach you and be able to say I'm a man
lucky
to scream whole
marine that I have is 45 while I think that
I'm very happy I want to continue your
I want to continue in plan and now
I am the happiest man and marianita in
maximum class I ask god that the
Keep it that beautiful and go just like you
mom
Thank you
and how is it hot or cold
last week he got at least 52
degrees minus 22 degrees this is a lot
snow we are more 52 we remove the pole
contrary to what currently when I
invited canada
we can be talking these days for
say that we organize with the whole
to see her
very happy to be here with you
I did not think they were going to come here
my brother arrived must be added
demonstrated we chose when I was in the
command group and with my hands their
beginnings and first I want
the gastric and the music professional
of the teacher's music teacher that
has visited the beer
since 2002 the artist then
very good experiences with the group
as a group
and what decided and right now with my compadre
We are turning 20 when
coincidentally in this year 2014 we are
together from the year 1994 and we have projects
of muxidi current in the market entitled
my biography and we are suddenly
we want to do something simple triple for
this year
We are working on the market that
paint with the favor of God biography yo
I heard this command the temita
is a mosaic 50 biography the title the
50 in a song that lasts three minutes
with 56 seconds the story something of the
story my life when I started when
I finished
previous right now again the world looks
to two languages ​​and near Barrancabermeja and
I'm not really from there but with
effort there is already a lot of love for
tear my land and it was an accordion the
that encouraged my musical part because
since ranchera boy you have already sung but
the vallenato was in my heart invito
to the car thank you sir
the new video of the last two both
videos that I made with my your sources
when that record house belonged
new videos and also duke video
recorded with a released
the most recent a song called
it was you we made it on December 22
coincidentally the day that only joel casique
to December 22 we are degrees of
video in the city of puerto la luz
when he received the news of
death me half days
so
I feel very flattered about your visit today
in day my birthday January 17 fell
everything depends if a pleasure
thank you very much to my family
and it's coming soon with God's
we will be there we go
regards